---
layout: post
title: My goals as a frontend developer
---
I have worked in the IT/software industry in the past. I graduated class of 1991 in business administration finance & law but joined a small company by the name if Central Point Software, Inc. soon after.

That was my start in the industry. It was fun, enjoyable and full of learning new things such as the mac OS’s of the time, and later DOS, and windows 3.0 after that. I of course didn’t know any of them except what I used in college when we were introduced to email (the email functionality of the time!) and word processing of the time. Beyond that, it was new to me!
 
So, I leaned it, got better at it, moved on from company to company such as Intel, and Symantec corp. as well as moving up in position from test engineer to lead engineer to senior software testing engineer. Big company names that paid well and created large development and testing departments. The quality assurance departments preferred development/coding knowledge but didn’t require it. So, from time to time I dabbled in coding from basic to visual basic to C and C++ but never really dug any deeper than the surface and never really took it seriously enough I suppose. That left a gap in my qualifications for the job and more importantly left something missing from my career. On the one hand I had a limitation in the IT industry, and on the other hand I never worked in the finance or accounting fields. The industry I originally trained in.
 
Given the limitation I was dealing with in my current career and my own desire to work in finance and accounting, I wanted to make the move. I decided to look for an opportunity and sure enough started looking sometime in 2003. I found it in Dubai of all places.
 
In 2004 I took a job in with a multinational company named Siemens. It was a wonderful time (goes without saying!). I was in a new city, meeting and working with new people, even learning new things again.  The job started out in commercial order management and progressed over the years into commercial project finance management. I managed project in a number of Middle Eastern countries and because Siemens (later Nokia Siemens Networks, Inc.) was head quartered in Munich, Germany I naturally travelled those regions extensively. I cannot speak enough about how wonderful an experience that was. Working with new people and seeing new places and more importantly seeing a mobile network develop from beginning to end following though its development from the cost control point if view and reporting the progress of this development. I could go on and on about that, but all good things have to come to an end. For me that was in 2010 when, for personal reasons, I had to return to the US to be with my family here.  
 
I thought to myself, “hey, I have a solid base in the finance and control industry, good experience, and I traveled the world, worked in different places and with different peoples and cultures. I’ll find a job in the US in a couple of weeks!”
 
Right! In 2016 I decided if I’m going to return to the IT industry, I’ll need to resolve my programing limitation and return to it in a field other than QA. Bloc popped up in my facebook account, and now I’m about half way through achieving my goal of returning to the industry that adopted me right out of college. I’m looking forward to completing the training and achieving a new job that competes a full circle!